I said it before and I'll say it again
life moves pretty fast you don't stop
and look around once in a while you
could miss it so dangerous about a
character like Ferris Bueller is he
gives good kids bad ideas why should he
get to skip school and everybody else
has to go
syphilitic meningitis he never gets
caught this guy my biology question said
that if Ferris dies he's giving his eyes
to Stevie Wonder please very popular yet
I recall Central Park info first billard
you know yeah he's getting me out of
summer school they think he's a
righteous dude think I'll be alive this
weekend I can see him denying popular
belief setting offensive impossible
mission jeopardizes my ability to
effectively govern this student body he
does whatever he wants you know as long
as I've known him everything works for
him whatever he wants he's very cool and
he never gets nailed Faris can do
anything
he's such a sweet wake up and smell the
coffee mrs. Bueller it's a fool's
paradise he is just leading you down the
primrose path Matthew Broderick Bueller
Ferris delay Ferris Bueller's Day Off
because life is too beautiful a thing to
wait